Updates due to configuration API building block (#1959)
dapr/docs: daprdocs/content/en/concepts/service-mesh.md

Watch these recordings from the Dapr community calls showing presentations on running Dapr together with different service meshes:
- General overview and a demo of [Dapr and Linkerd](https://youtu.be/xxU68ewRmz8?t=142)
- Demo of running [Dapr and Istio](https://youtu.be/ngIDOQApx8g?t=335)
- Learn more about [running Dapr with Open Service Mesh (OSM)]({{<ref open-service-mesh>}}).

> ## When to choose using Dapr a service mesh or both

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## When to use Dapr or a service mesh or both
```
